hello boys girls my name is
Basil is not behind the scenes as always helps
their graph and today we are in nature in
lovely atmosphere close cook api
the role of a syringe or syringe as anyone more
like the letter
slip the austrian roots of this
cocktails so still correct it
a syringe but here are bars everywhere including
write through with for some reason in our
an improvised bar has it all
necessary to cook
from mineral water own api role
it's a bitter and champagne for his
classic preparations are used
prosecco sparkling wine dry
if you have not do not worry I'm here
at home a couple of days ago did at all
regular champagne I was there whale
stocks
principle, too, is normal history
this cocktail as always in it
disagreement and that and another point of view
converges on the fact that the cocktail came up
military only first point of view
says that the cocktail was coined during
World War I when troops
Austro-Hungary during the offensive
took possession
region of Veneto and actually where
bashir in this region they started drinking
local wine that they found there
and in large quantities it was
prosecco that's why how would it
taken to use
but for them this wine was a little over
stronger than the Austrians are accustomed to their
sort of homely and so they
diluted with water there is still such
point of view that in the austrian region
a glass in principle there is such a tradition
old wine diluted with soda as it were
maybe here they are
not at all taking the opportunity they mean
diluted local stocks
2 points of view says that too
came up with mean Australian military
the whole thing but much later
around the middle of the 19th century
when the region is the same veneto and the crown and
they were part of the Austrian Empire
and accordingly , now in its open spaces
but in the same region the same was invented
the very thing that is to dilute not 1 is not second
the story does not tell us who
I thought of adding a bitter in general
these are the cocktail cases that turned out
even tastier it is actually very
tasty and even if you just dilute
some species
gazirovochki if you want to make them not
so strong and if you have a home
also a bit as if it were beautiful
today we use the classics
api role low alcohol i see now
excessive drinking harms
to your health
but by the way I would always know to go for it
conscious of course if you do not have
api role and you can use
campari in this case is a variation
a cocktail called black syringe
darker black syringe and even white
it is without adding any beater but
it is served somewhere only here in this
the region here there was a childhood
invented here there is up to such as
white white white syringe of course of course
proceed to the cooking process us
need a glass we need a sheet
for we have unfortunately no champagne
we have a warm cocktail too
very refreshing in itself very
deliciously so fruity a little bit
bitter because it's all the same
bitter we add there but is
low alcohol as it were
prefer those who prefer to drink
alcohol and not get drunk and he is the last
time has become very popular aperol very
actively spins on every
bars exhibit girls
promo which give there type 2 3
for free, all these things are
really but this classic
cocktail international association
bartenders he is preparing there means in theory
we should be a glass to the top
let's fall asleep do not despair with ice
this one more ice racing this this much
a lot of ice and fill this ice to the top
simply
practically up to the top with champagne 3 parts
champagne two parts aperol
and one part or free space
which will remain poured water
fizzy ordinary i think nobody us
will not judge strictly that we ai n't no
do not drag a glass for a picnic
wines in all bars are poured as it were in
Rocks actually take time dead
there is ice and, as it were, come on, come on
tor you will help me
I can of course helped already on sneakers
i 'm sorry further means api videos
snowball does not brightly kill food and .
But if we add comparison again
will be much darker therefore her
own black called and mineral
one piece checks
that will give you try to count every
give them a try
it is surprisingly much cooler than there
golem champagne which pours
of course was the cheapest store worth
0 rubles there is such a no odalisque
just take it away remove all one he
smelled very long standing by us just
take out of it is very easy because in
api the role in it of the fortress is something like this
like champagne there palm 11 degrees
that's why he's so refreshing
say in Venice every day 300 thousand
of these cocktails we drink along with
by the Venetians
pass, I thought that he must
will be to them and got drunk before the book of you
so I told you that do not worry all
there will be no one worth experiencing and home
khaled ended did too without ice
that's because of the light cocktails that people
asking the type where to start a home bar
I think this is ideal
that here it is a bottle of nothing there
your not my 700 rubles it costs
enough and very long here but it depends
from the way you kill to him two you can
conveniently in u sandal
It costs as a video and the age is not the same
and
sponsor of our aqua mineral program
too inexpensive drink enough
so these wise guys don't get drunk
cook you see even in nature
simple conditions everything can be done and
come up subscribe to our groups
vkontakte in did you by in instagram them
the best cocktails humor at the bar
look for bartenders in public and
keep drinking mun all behind
is happy
Attention
today we are in nature in beautiful
the atmosphere is very popular
this is too much a cocktail
no need to say again now yes aha
keep give me even if i hold my opinion
i'm not worth it here